Update Revise-submissions.mdx (#273)
pathoplexus/pathoplexus: monorepo/website/src/pages/docs/how-to/revise-submissions.mdx

The process of submitting revisions is very similar to original submission.
The main difference is that you must provide an `accession` column in the metadata file, which contains the Pathoplexus accession number(s) assigned when the sequences were submitted originally.

> **You must use the _original metadata_ when doing a revision!** (In other words, the original files you submitted to Pathoplexus.) Currently you will need to have this file locally - we aim to introduce a way to download this from Pathoplexus soon. If you do not have these files, please _contact us_ to help you do the revision.

Author: ```suggestion
**You must use the _original metadata_ when doing a revision!** (In other words, the original files you submitted to Pathoplexus.) Currently you will need to have this file locally - we aim to introduce a way to download this from Pathoplexus soon. If you do not have this file, please _contact us_ at [revisions@pathoplexus.org](mailto:revisions@pathoplexus.org) to help you do the revision.

```

> 

Reviewer: or wait should we give an email to contact us at?

Author: Ah good point. I can add this!

Author: I also fixed the going back and forth between plural and singular 'file(s)'. What do you think?
